Feature/lighthouse ci (#39)
AckeeCZ/frontend-cookbook: pages/project/LighthouseSetup.md

# ⛑ Setup Lighthouse CI

> [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse) is very famous tool from Google for checking our apps' performance, accesibility and a lot of others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse) is very famous tool from Google for checking apps' performance, accessibility and a lot of others.
```
Otherwise, it implies Google has created Lighthouse just for us. 😄

Author: haha thats true

* [Set the token](#set-the-token)
* [Update package.json](#update-package.json)
* [Update Jenkinsfile](#update-jenkinsfile)
* [Update .gitignore](#update-.gitignore)
* [Run LHCI in your project](#run-lhci-in-your-project)
* [See the result](#see-the-result)

## Install LHCI npm package
Install [@lhci/cli](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@lhci/cli) globally into your computer to be able to run a wizzard later.

```bash
yarn global add @lhci/cli
```

or

```bash
npm install -g @lhci/cli
```

## Create a config file
Create a file with name **.lighthouserc.json)** in your root directory. And fill it with this code:

```json
{
    "ci": {
        "assert": {
            "assertions": {
                "offscreen-images": "off"
            }
        },
        "collect": {
            "numberOfRuns": 2
        },
        "upload": {
            "target": "lhci",
            "serverBaseUrl": "",
            "token": ""
        }
    }
}
```

## Set server base url
Set *serverBaseUrl* field with value you can find in internal password manager as **lighthouse server url**.

## Run a wizzard
Run wizzard at you project root directory with this command:

```bash
lhci wizzard
```

> Then set the name your project. Please be specific and do not make a mistake here!!! Lhci server has no chance to edit it when its once created for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then set the name of your project. Please be specific and do not make a mistake here!!! Lhci server has no chance to edit it when its once created for now.
```
